Documentation overhaul (#266)
nix-community/nix-doom-emacs: README.md

> | readme | [reference](./docs/reference.md)| [faq](./docs/faq.md)  |

Reviewer: This doesn't render fine. Seems it's bogus markdown table syntax. I can fix and commit to your branch if you want.

| readme        | reference                               | faq                           |
|      ---      |                  ---                    |            ---                |

> | this document | [docs/reference.md](./docs/reference.md)| [docs/faq.md](./docs/faq.md)  |

Reviewer: Just one row please with the links having the text on this row. More compact and half the reading.

`| readme | [reference]() | [faq]() |`

| Dependency updater | [![Dependency Updater Status](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-doom-emacs/workflows/Update%20Dependencies/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-doom-emacs/actions/workflows/update-dependencies.yml?query=branch%3Amaster) |
| Matrix Chat | [![Matrix Chat](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=chat&message=doom-emacs&color=brightgreen&logo=matrix)](https://matrix.to/#/#doom-emacs:nixos.org) |

> nix-doom-emacs (abbreviated as NDE) provides a customisable Nix derivation for [Doom Emacs](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs)
> The project has lots of moving pieces and hacks. Users are expected to know their way around using (and especially debugging) Nix and Emacs Lisp in order to use this project.

Reviewer: There wasn't a double newline and I think the second sentence is kind of gatekeepy. I think people can judge it for themselves–sorry for the changed opinion.
```suggestion
nix-doom-emacs (abbreviated as NDE) provides a customizable Nix derivation for [Doom Emacs](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs).
```

Nix expression to install and configure
[doom-emacs](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs).

> nix-doom-emacs (also commonly referred to as NDE in chatrooms) is a project with lots of moving pieces and hacks. Users are expected to know their way around using (and especially debugging) Nix and Emacs Lisp in order to use this project.
> 
> The expression builds a `doom-emacs` distribution with dependencies
> pre-installed based on an existing `~/.doom.d` directory.

Reviewer: The hacks should come *after* what it is. 
```suggestion
nix-doom-emacs (abbreviated as NDE) provides a customizable Nix derivation for [Doom Emacs](TODO://github.com/…)

The project has lots of [moving pieces / hacks ] ; continue this …
```

> [emacs-overlay](https://github.com/nix-community/emacs-overlay) may not be

Reviewer 2: which README do i link? you did say to rename the current docs/[README.md](http://readme.md/) to docs/[reference.md](http://reference.md/), so wouldn't a [README.md](http://readme.md/) link be useless? should I put the nav table at the top of the root README.md or such? i'd really like more details

compatible with the `doom-emacs` requirements.

> ## Getting started

Reviewer 3: After #267, I think it would be nice to have a quick start section:

```
$ nix run github:nix-community/nix-doom-emacs
```

And then redirect the user to the docs.

[emacs-overlay](https://github.com/nix-community/emacs-overlay) may not be
compatible with the `doom-emacs` requirements.

# Quick Start

> If you're impatient, you can run ``nix run github:nix-community/nix-doom-emacs``. If you want to use it more extensively, then you should continue reading [the documentation](./docs)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to get a taste of NDE, you can run ``nix run github:nix-community/nix-doom-emacs`` to get a doom-emacs running with an example configuration.

After this taste test, continue reading [the documentation](./docs) to customize your setup according to your needs.
```

[emacs-overlay](https://github.com/nix-community/emacs-overlay) may not be
compatible with the `doom-emacs` requirements.

# Quick Start

If you want to get a taste of nix-doom-emacs, you can run ``nix run github:nix-community/nix-doom-emacs``
Which will run nix-doom-emacs with an example configuration. 

Pick which setup you're using here (if you're not using NixOS or Home-Manager, then you should use standalone):

| Home-Manager | NixOS | Standalone |
|      ---     |  ---  |    ---     |

> | [Flake + Home-Manager](./docs/reference.md#home-manager) | [NixOS](./docs/reference.md#nixos) | [Standalone](./docs/reference.md#standalone) |

Reviewer: Add a `## Hacking` section mentioning the license, the open issues, the PR wanted label, etc.. Also that contributions are welcome (:

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by mentioning the open issues? Just linking them?

> # Hacking
> This project is licensed under MIT. Our issue tracker has some [open issues](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-doom-emacs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue). The PR wanted label is for issues that need PRs to fix them. Contributions are welcome

This is what I have in mind, is it fine @ckiee?

Reviewer: «under the MIT license», comma between «open issues» and «The PR wanted label». Better to commit so I can just do a nice-and-easy <code>\`\`\`suggestion</code>.
